Add details about testing (#2785)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/testing/overview.md

To get started writing your first integration test with .NET Aspire, see the [Write your first .NET Aspire test](./write-your-first-test.md) article.

## Testing .NET Aspire solutions

> .NET Aspire's testing capabilities are designed specifically for black-box integration testing of your entire distributed application. Unlike unit tests or white-box integration tests, which typically run individual components in isolation, .NET Aspire tests launch your complete solution (the app host and all its resources) as separate processes, closely simulating real-world scenarios.

Author: ```suggestion
.NET Aspire's testing capabilities are designed specifically for closed-box integration testing of your entire distributed application. Unlike unit tests or open-box integration tests, which typically run individual components in isolation, .NET Aspire tests launch your complete solution (the app host and all its resources) as separate processes, closely simulating real-world scenarios.
```
